ceph: check for kv engine version for SSE RGW (#7385)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-object-store-crd.md

6. Update CR health status check

Rook-Ceph always keeps the bucket and the user for the health check, it just does a PUT and GET of an s3 object since creating a bucket is an expensive operation.

> ## Security settings

Reviewer: We should mention the `security` option here like we did for `healthCheck` above. Also, we should make it more clear where the `VAULT_SECRET_ENGINE` should belong under the `security` tree.

```
* `security`
  * `kms`
    * `VAULT_SECRET_ENGINE` option ....
```

Ceph RGW supports encryption via KMS using HashiCorp Vault. Refer to the [vault kms section](ceph-cluster-crd.md#vault-kms) for detailed explanation.
If these settings are defined, then RGW establish a connection between Vault and whenever S3 client sends a request with Server Side Encryption,
it encrypts that using the key specified by the client. For more details w.r.t RGW, please refer [Ceph Vault documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/vault/)

For RGW, please note the following:

* `VAULT_SECRET_ENGINE` option is specifically for RGW to mention about the secret engine which can be used, currently supports two: [kv](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv) and [transit](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/transit). And for kv engine only version 2 is supported.
* The Storage administrator needs to create a secret in the Vault server so that S3 clients use that key for encryption
$ vault kv put rook/i<mybucketkey> key=$(openssl rand -base64 32) # kv engine
$ vault write -f transit/keys/<mybucketkey> exportable=true # transit engine

> * TLS authentication with custom certs between Vault and RGW are yet to support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TLS authentication with custom certs between Vault and RGW are yet to be supported.
```

it encrypts that using the key specified by the client. For more details w.r.t RGW, please refer [Ceph Vault documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/vault/)

The `security` section contains settings related to KMS encryption of the RGW.

```yaml
security:
  kms:
    # name of the k8s config map containing all the kms connection details
    connectionDetails:
      KMS_PROVIDER: vault
      VAULT_ADDR: http://vault.default.svc.cluster.local:8200
      VAULT_BACKEND_PATH: rgw
      VAULT_SECRET_ENGINE: kv
      VAULT_BACKEND: v2
    # name of the k8s secret containing the kms authentication token
    tokenSecretName: rgw-vault-token
```

For RGW, please note the following:

* `VAULT_SECRET_ENGINE` option is specifically for RGW to mention about the secret engine which can be used, currently supports two: [kv](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv) and [transit](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/transit). And for kv engine only version 2 is supported.
* The Storage administrator needs to create a secret in the Vault server so that S3 clients use that key for encryption

> $ vault kv put rook/i<mybucketkey> key=$(openssl rand -base64 32) # kv engine

Reviewer 2: `i<mybucketkey>`? Why is there a `i` in it? Didn't we call the backend path `rgw` earlier and not `rook`?

> $ vault write -f transit/keys/<mybucketkey> exportable=true # transit engine

Reviewer 2: What does `exportable=true` do?

Author: @leseb: AFAIR that's how we can enable key in transit engine, we don't need to give key-value pair like in kv engine copied from https://docs.ceph.com/en/octopus/radosgw/vault/

Reviewer 2: That does not really tell me why we need `exportable=true` though.

Author: @leseb : https://www.vaultproject.io/api/secret/transit#exportable, If I understand correctly key will be visible to the user otherwise it will be hidden if it is set and in this example the user can read the key using `vault read transit/export/encryption-key/mybucketkey/1`
